I may be worried about the threshing
particular matos Thresh certainly very
strong I think Jonna might suffer tie
the match up but I'm gonna pick his last
champion it is that they're back in the
Midlands with this yes they're gonna go
diving this is why wish level one dandy
goes in well text joint in as well and
that Thresh is dead also dressed gonna
get the kill we're gonna die we're gonna
follow daddy will get healed by endless
and that was an amazing dive by VG that
was happy maybe three unfortunately they
do oh my god msg diving back in a little
too aggressive teleport can i comment as
well to make up for v3 in favor of rng
MRSA getting low but well text timing
through which goes in aggressive does
get the kill now the flames with is
going to come through condemn onto
optics gives God like a kill and we
shall just make it out alive the ovary
question from rng was done so well with
the knowledge of the teleport advantage
being there just really invading the
struggle time and time again they find
him Alex G with the hook world 6 comes
back in all T there from Jareth is good
ml XG gonna get sniped away despite the
Jonah shield there from way and I can
see why they wanted at the going
straight for the blue buff why not seems
to have went from one of the best team
mota by the hook onto mlx geez dandy
gonna go back on top of him playing him
back there is all in like a love of God
gets eaten out of the tunnel and now the
autistic underworld 6 cleans him up he
just wanted an assist I think he's just
managed to make the kill himself yeah
that is mrsa heating another hook the
rotation from our NGO wives way i'm
alexi going a deep dandy coming through
as well damage is good there on to the
wreck site is gonna take him out
whooshes rolled in but Martha's getting
taken out there by shallow politics in
the mid side there does get an old on
taloosh but he's taking a little bit too
much damage from God like who's joined
into the fray as well we're still
looking for kills God liked our diving
it's only two for one but it is a 10 X
geez Oh Tegra she's been pretty crazy a
shall we fight the time with a very long
ride in the mid lane gonna get the
pressure now hurt on foster use the heel
flashes well but xiaohu still gonna get
himself a kill that was really
impressive to see there's very risky
position for them to pull the trigger in
fact when my trng wants your equalizer
coming in endless takes a massive trunk
of damage before the five starts now
going to move in MXG flush I'm borrow
five deceiver get a dive into the back
side
likes moving in without flame spitta my
eye which side gets the first kill on
tomato dandy though my turf out show who
is the heels just going to save him God
Danny sorry going to go down we're gonna
get taken out with all the burst oh jah
who also to lowers vici turn it around
and godlike gonna maybe be the fourth
one to go down but instead it's just a
243 in favor of vici game oh but it
doesn't do that much damage at most you
gonna go in flash or flash on Berlin to
endless dandy driving into the back so
who's trying to peel him off the shower
going to come back in their world six
with the LT is godlike buying as much
time as he can whoosh finally takes out
Danny but matzah lads a hook shall who's
gonna walk them away and we're gonna get
the double endless so charging into the
front lines trying to play cleanup shall
who gets nailed by our stuns and forth
the flash away as well six testing with
a body slamming wash plant clean up on
the side once a tongue will get him with
a bowl but our mg still pushing down at
some out I've got it well it fixes the
last killer if they can claim it and
whoosh is going to get in and get the
ACE but just one of my that I thought
they had absolutely Nandu my Chinese way
back in the equalizer down to the choke
point lonely get a reset the fight there
with a monsoon a dandy off to the side
getting kind of owned there by God like
with a damaged how who though it's going
to go down a dandy able to outplay them
work gets grabbed an R BG sorry turn it
all around daddy's gonna be safe and god
looks like where my team go her tongues
like they're all dead bro thanks for the
triple at tong he fancies a wannabe
through nevermind go straight in plastic
comes through her tongue actually gonna
get taken out by the looks of things
hook lands for my sarong tweeting from
the ignite gold like does not have his
ultimate ii flashes forward world 60
gonna go in on to God like that damage
is dumb and godlike not gonna get hooked
Martha finds the next target at Chalus
and our whoosh tryna jewel endless there
in the back side we're going to get away
with it they watch another head Tom gets
the double there as well go and doesn't
die it's a world 6 whoosh still in this
is dandy desperately trying to find a
target and whoosh massive plays all
those will finally die to the Gregor's
worst it is very best attempt at living
there it was any team here R&G might try
and fight them for it afterwards the
dragon that's go to be cheat and either
gonna get low that he's taken out but
there's Rumble going down as well so
it's 44 right now as well tick dies back
in get shower into the wall and body
slams him but whoosh straight on top of
endless going absolutely nuts there in
the front line
I'm gonna get a kill Rex I will get
their next and everyone else has to back
away R&G win the fight it's again I
still trying to find a hook them i get
an exit kill here is my extreme gonna
get tobin dandy gonna knock him back
into the team the equalizer downer ml XG
rocket pops he's still alive gonna hit
the ulti but he's still not down a joe
who finally gonna take him out but
they're able to get the trade the
junglers a boat down for the teams here
and it's still for me for took an
exception themselves a small advantage
out of nothing as Emeril XG he's going
in he's found her tongue that's a key
target but that's actually a little too
deep no friends here Brunel XG would
he's got a good sake o shahu rather side
by the three-man flank ghalti godlike
time 50 need to kill a Tong and they
take him out God like flashes out after
the sannyas and they get a key pick
there but both mid laners a dead Yahoo
actually using the flashing gauge looks
to you could see a random reksai flying
past you he's going he is absolutely
going in but gets caught out there
damage is good but he will get healed up
there by the Mikhail's whoosh will lose
his batches talk with the Ortiz there
Danny though will get peeled out as late
aching too much damage and dieter
endless 05 be for right now for vici
they pasaron G into the decision is
endless haha oh they hurt the wrecks I
ultimate godlike gonna get jumped on top
of by the looks of things here boxes on
is early to try not to die but did go
down in the exchange and vici again
another 45 now shall we gonna get Tavon
Teddy right back into the tower now with
a great all there from as there and now
it's just fall before and again they
move very important major buffs coming
up to fight over soon once already up
that's the Baron here and that dragons
up in 10 seconds now and the funniest
thing is Joe who might get shanked audi
see the altie will go down dandy gonna
get that kill and vici a very important
pick their Martha fire trucks mrs. onto
way and God likes back invasive orangie
scattered up as ml XG just going to go
in and buy some time would rather side
fights world six for the flight getting
it the first kill maybe know too many
hotties dive on top of his face Ellis
gets the kill and vitia finally just may
be done it and after all of this time on
the back of her tongue just doing some
damage which is through the roof the
amount that he does at the moment able
to find that pic unfortunately missing
the actual
dash here is yahoo's mother's doing his
best to stop them from recalling to let
the rest of his side end the game smart
play from Arthur just buying as much
time as yet aparna really keeping them
occupied here as mls you will finally
get himself per kilowatt vici have push
themselves on top of the nexus they'll
take it out here as the Nexus turrets
for and a long back and forth almost
hour-long game results in avg victory in
that rusty I was only game 157 minute
game for Game one right here bitch he
managed to take it away in the end and
it felt like they were in control the
entire time
you